Improved categorical feature inference + label column description (#1612)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/tabular/dataset_object.rst

#. If the ``pd.dtypes`` of any of the existing columns is ``category`` then all of the columns that are of type ``category`` 
   will be  considered categorical (and only them).

> #. Otherwise, a heuristic is used for deducting the type. In order for a column to be inferred as categorical two condition must be met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Otherwise, a heuristic is used for deducting the type. In order for a column to be inferred as categorical, the following two conditions must be met:
```
